hi welcome to the 602 kit setup video
today we're going to learn how to set up
the kit before you start spraying the
first thing you'll want to make sure of
is that the kids are and remain in the
upright position they will lose pressure
if they're laying on their side or
upside down or any other position other
than upright the next step is to make
sure you are wearing the safety goggles
and the gloves while you're setting up
the kits which I will do now okay now
that I've put the goggles on and the
gloves as you can see it is time to
remove the young hose assembly and
unwrap it and also remove the packet of
nozzles and fan spray tips okay now what
we'll do is go ahead and take the hose
labeled a and attach it to the nozzle on
the a tank we're going to hand tighten
it and then tighten it with the wrench
so we'll do that
you
and now just repeat the same procedure
with the beat
you
now just check the temperature strip to
make sure that it's lit up in the green
region and you'll know that it's ready
to go at the right temperature use a
small amount of petroleum jelly to
lubricate the o-ring that surrounds the
face of the gun
and now install a mixing nozzle onto the
end of the gun till you hear it click
open the valve slowly making sure there
are no leaks and then open the valves
all the way
you
kick up the safety under the trigger
with your pinkie and slowly give it a
test spray you should see green foam
it's really that easy order your foam it
green today so you can start saving
money on energy too